OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: operators/admin/olm-restricted-networks.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> On disconnected {product-title} clusters, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) cannot reach remote OperatorHub sources by default. You can mirror catalog content locally and configure OLM to install Operators from those mirrors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On disconnetced {product-title} clusters, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) cannot access the Red{nbsp}Hat-provided catalog sources hosted on remote registries by default. As a cluster administrator, you can use a workstation with full internet access to prepare local mirrors of the remote sources, and push the content to a mirror registry.
```
